# UVM Testbench for an Ethernet MAC module
## Design
The design files describe a simple MAC architecture (credit: https://github.com/alexforencich/verilog-ethernet), which consists of a receiver (axis_gmii_rx.v), a transmitter (axis_gmii_tx.v), and the MAC module itself (eth_mac_1g.v) with GMII (Gigabit Media Independent Interface) functionality. The GMII essentially routes the transmitted packet right back into the recieving interface of the MAC module, allowing for self-testing of the digital logic without needing an external network or PHY, verifying the MAC's transmit and receive functions. 

## Testbench

### axi_stream_agent.sv
An agent encapsulates a Sequencer, Driver and Monitor into a single entity by instantiating and connecting the components together. The agent consists of build and connect phase methods to instantiate and connect the components respectively.

### axi_stream_driver.sv
UVM driver is an active entity that has knowledge on how to drive signals to a particular interface of the design. In this case, the interface requires adherence to the AXI (Advance eXtensible Interface) communication protocol from ARM.

### axi_stream_monitor.sv
A UVM monitor is responsible for capturing signal activity from the design interface and translate it into transaction level data objects that can be sent to other components.

### axi_stream_seq.sv
The uvm_sequencer is a UVM component responsible for managing the flow of transactions generated by UVM sequences.